# CS-230: Jacquelin Kitcher
Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?
What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation?
#The client is The Gaming Room, who wanted us to scale their current application, a game called Draw it or Lose it to multiple operating systems. For this, we created a software design for the program. The design document outlined all of the major components and factors to consider when creating a program, contributing to the ease of developing the code. It served as a roadmap, and was helpful for our team and the client to be well-informed on the process. If I could change one part of the design document, it would be the comparison chart. I would include more detail than I originally put, as I feel like it is a little sparse, compared to the other major revisions. We needed to consider several needs from the user, including proposing a plan that would achieve their goal of expanding their game to more operating systems, using an web-based software, which works quickly for their users, is afforable for The Gaming Room, and has enough capacity to handle to memory parameters required for proper game function. This was important because our client is coming to us with a problem to solve, and if we don't consider their input, we are wasting their time, and resources. I used the design outline along with the project instructions to help design mty software. I spent a lot of time researching different Operating systems, and comparing them amongst each other to make the major decisions proposed in the document. In the future, I would spend more time upfront with research, instead of researching as I go for each piece of the design. I think this was good initial exposure to writing design documents. 
